Update README.md (#2188)
kubernetes-client/javascript: README.md

release, we will increment the minor version whenever we update the minor Kubernetes API version
(e.g. `1.19.x`) that this library is generated from.

> We switched from `request` to `fetch` as the HTTP(S) backend for the `1.0.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project switched from `request` to `node-fetch` as the HTTP(S) client for the `1.0.0` release.
```
